{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.Implementation Contributions:\
 -Sheryar Ali 33% - Main Screen Widget, sign in, registeration, setting improvement \
 -Roy Lin 33% - Firebase user Authentication .Data Structure Reconstruction(will be in next release)\
 -Sarah McCarthy 33% - Interface, Ui design.\
 -2.Grading Level: Same grade for all members.\
 \
 -3.Differences: Launch, Registration, and Sign-In screens improved. BMI Calculation. User UID formed. User Authentication(sign in, log out current user recorded). Due to the data structure reconstruction, the foodlogs and excise logs are pushing to the final release. The data will be saved by the user UID instead of the email. Three piles of the data will be construct(1, user info, 2 user foodlogs order by UID/date/foodlogs  3.exercise logs is order by UID/date/exercise logs)\
 \
We planed to finish the food log and exercise log for this release , but it is hard to grab data from data base by using current data structure. So we decided using the UID to create data strucutre.Data Structure by UID will be in next release for sure.\
\
 -4.Special Instructions: Open xcode workspace file for app with which to build and run. Cocoa Pods minimum version to use - 9.0 \
}