{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.Implementation Contributions:\
 -Sheryar Ali 33% - Main Screen widgets; Sign-In, Registration, and Setting Screen improvements\
 -Roy Lin 33% - Firebase user authentication; Data structure reconstruction (in progress)\
 -Sarah McCarthy 33% - Interface design; debugging UI elements\
 \
2.Grading Level: Same grade for all members.\
 \
3.Differences: Launch, Registration, and Sign-In screens improved. BMI Calculation included in Settings screen. User UID implemented. User Authentication(sign in, log out current user recorded). Due to an unforeseen data structure reconstruction, the Archived Food Log (calendar formatted) and Exercise Logs are being pushed to the final release. The data will be saved by the user UID instead of the email, but email recovery is optional. Three piles of the data will be constructed(A. user info, B. user Food Logs ordered by UID/date/meal entries; C. exercise logs ordered by UID/date/exercise logs)\
 \
We\'92d planned on finishing the Archived Food Log and Exercise Log for this release, but ran into difficulties regarding grabbing data from the database for a specific user with the previously implemented data structure. So, we decided that using user\'92s email or a unique user id, such as EID, to create a new data structure would be most efficient, particularly when grabbing past meal entries. Data Structure by UID will be implemented in our final release, along with all other screens and features. Segues for Home screen implemented. \
\
 4.Special Instructions: Open Xcode workspace file for app with which to build and run. Cocoa Pods minimum version to use - 9.0 \
}